Hello YouTube.
This is Praveen and I’m back with a video
showing you how to make Windows 10 Bootable
DVD from ISO Image file.
This method involves no third party tools
to make Windows 10 Bootable DVD.
But, to perform this task, you need to have
the following.
The prerequisites that help to create Bootable
DVD of Windows 10 are
Windows 10 ISO Image of about 3.2GB, Media
creation Tool that is required to download
the ISO image from Microsoft, Empty DVD and
a DVD writer.
If you don’t have writer, you can even use
USB flash drive to create bootable Windows
10 media.
First things first, to get Windows10 ISO Image,
open Google and search for “Windows 10 Download”.
Open the first website.
You can find the direct link here in the show
notes below.
Come all the way down and find the appropriate
version to get the media creation tool software.
I’m here selecting 64bit version.
It’s about 18MB file.
Download it.
I have already downloaded the tool.
To get the ISO Image of Windows 10, just open
this tool and then follow the onscreen instructions.
Hope, you now have Windows 10 ISO file.
Here is the final part.
We’re using Windows explorer default media
burning feature to create Windows 10 Bootable
DVD.
To do this, move to the location where you
have ISO image saved then right click on the
file.
You need to have “Mount” and “Burn disc
image” options.
If you are not seeing those, follow these
steps.
Right click on the ISO file then select “Open
with” then “Choose default program..”.
From the list, select, “Keep using Windows
Explorer”.
After selecting it, you need to get the window
exactly as shown in this video showing all
the Windows 10 files.
If you are performing an “Upgrade” where
no files, settings will be deleted, you can
click on “Set up” and then follow the
onscreen instructions.
If you are willing to perform fresh or custom
install, you need to boot the DVD or USB flash
drive, which I have shown here in this tutorial.
After selecting the default program, you will
get an extra “Removable Storage” device
with all the files as shown.
Now open the location of Windows 10 ISO Image
file, right click on it then select “Burn
disc image”.
You will get Windows Disc Image Burner with
simple interface.
Select the drive, if you have more than one,
check the ISO file name, check “Verify disc
after burning” then finally click on “Burn”.
Wait for few minutes until the drive ejects
the disc.
Now you have successfully created Windows
10 Bootable DVD from ISO file.
Select first booting device to DVD drive at
BIOS settings to perform the fresh Windows
10 install.
If you would like to know how to install Windows
10 on Computer, do watch this tutorial.
Would you like to see how Windows 10 looks
before installing, then watch out the tour
video.
That’s it.
If you have any issues do comment below.
Do share or thumb up this video if you found
this tutorial useful.
Please don’t forget to subscribe to our
channel for more tutorials.
Your contribution is more to us.
This is Praveen signing off.
Hope to see you in my next video.
Thank you.